# linear_regression
`//A simple and basic Machine Learning project!`

Linear Regression Example


`Overview`

This repository contains Python scripts for implementing different regression models on various datasets, providing insights into model accuracy through visualizations and numerical outputs.
Repository Structure

    data/: Folder containing datasets. By default, the scripts are adapted for the car data file, but other datasets in this folder can be used.

    index1.py: Python script for implementing regression on the chosen dataset.

    index2.py: Another Python script for additional regression models.

    sample_outputs/: Folder containing sample outputs generated by the scripts.


`Usage`

Default Configuration:

By default, the scripts are configured to work with the car data file. To execute the default configuration:


`bash`

python index1.py


`Custom Dataset`

To use a different dataset from the *\*data*\* folder, modify the script accordingly or create a new script following the structure of index1.py and index2.py.

`License`

Copyright [2024] [cloner174]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


`Acknowledgments`

    The repository structure and scripts are designed for educational purposes 
                                 and can be customized for specific use cases.